As between You and FloraPulse, You own all right, title and interest in and to the Crop Water Data specific to Your Property; provided that You hereby grant to FloraPulse a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, sublicensable and fully transferable license to collect, access, store, analyze, use and disclose the Crop Water Data and any other data collected and analyzed by the Service, Hardware and Software on the Property for purposes of providing You the Service, analyzing and reporting aggregate trends in certain geographical areas, improving the Service and Hardware, including creating new features, and for such other purposes that FloraPulse may determine in its discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, FloraPulse will only disclose the Crop Water Data to others in an aggregated, non-identifiable form, except as required by law or court order.


You acknowledge and agree that FloraPulse or its licensors or its licensees own all right, title, and interest in and to the Service, including all intellectual property rights associated with the Hardware, Software and Service and any information, data or material generated or created by the Service (other than the Crop Water Data for Your Property). Except for the limited license expressly stated herein, You have no intellectual property rights in the Service, Hardware and Software, and FloraPulse reserves all rights not expressly granted to You. You must comply with all laws when using the Service as well as all applicable copyright, trademark, or other legal notices or restrictions.

​

If You send or transmit any communications, comments, questions, suggestions, or related materials to FloraPulse, whether by letter, e-mail, telephone, or otherwise (collectively, “Feedback”), suggesting or recommending changes to the Hardware, Software or the Services, including, without limitation, new features or functionality relating thereto, all such Feedback is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. You hereby assign all right, title, and interest in, and FloraPulse is free to use without any attribution or compensation to You, any ideas, know-how, concepts, techniques, or other intellectual property and proprietary rights contained in the Feedback, whether or not patentable, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, having manufactured, licensing, marketing, and selling, directly or indirectly, products and services using such Feedback. You understand and agree that FloraPulse is not obligated to use, display, reproduce, or distribute any such ideas, know-how, concepts, or techniques contained in the Feedback, and You have no right to compel such use, display, reproduction, or distribution.

​

All Hardware shall remain the property of FloraPulse and may be removed by FloraPulse from the Property at the end of the Term. You shall not sell, license, sublicense, rent, lease, mortgage, charge, encumber, pledge, loan, assign or otherwise transfer to any third party the Hardware, in whole or in part. FloraPulse also reserves the right to replace Hardware at any time for any reason. You shall be responsible for any damage to or theft or loss of the Hardware while installed on the Property.

