DEERE DATA SERVICES & SUBSCRIPTIONS STATEMENT
Updated November 15, 2022

YOU CONTROL YOUR BUSINESS DATA
In an increasingly connected world, technology makes it easy for you to share data from your business with others
— if that’s what you choose to do. When you entrust your data to John Deere and its subsidiaries through our
services and subscriptions (Data Services), we safeguard that information and honor the permissions you set for
sharing it with others. We created this statement to be clear about how we manage your data and to provide the
details you need to make informed decisions about our Data Services.
To provide the John Deere Data Services, we may collect and process your personal information as described in
this document and in the applicable privacy statements linked below.

PRIVACY NOTICES
We may process personal information in providing the John Deere Data Services. When using the John Deere Data
Services (including creating your User Account, setting up your Organization, or using the JDLink services or tools),
the following privacy notices regarding the processing of personal data will apply:
•
•

John Deere User Account Privacy Statement
John Deere Organization Privacy Statement

In addition, our enterprise privacy statements are available through the “Privacy and Data” link at the bottom of
this page.

TYPES OF DATA WE COLLECT
Depending on the specific services, subscriptions, and tools that you use and how you use them we collect
different types of data. For example:
Machine Data. If you use our JDLink services and tools, we will collect data indicating your machine’s health,
efficiency and functions, including diagnostic codes, machine settings, software and firmware versions,
attachments and implements, machine hours and lifetime usage, and machine location. You can see some of this
data in the John Deere Operations Center, JDLink Dashboard, and our mobile apps.
Operational Data. If you use the John Deere Operations Center and related applications, we may collect
information about the way you and others use your machines, including settings, throughput, and sensor readings,
and we may also collect information about your work and operations, including field task details, area worked,
route travelled, crop harvested and yield data, inputs applied, and historical information and reports. You can see
and manage this data in the John Deere Operations Center and linked applications.
Administrative Data. Whenever you or your staff use our services and applications, we collect information that
helps us administer your account and activities. This data includes data sharing permissions, users linked to your
account, machines, devices, and licenses linked to your account, number of acres and size and nature of fields, and
general information about the way you use your account and our applications. You can see and manage some of
this information in the John Deere Operations Center and linked applications.
We do not use user-generated content. Some of our systems enable you to store and share information you or
others create. This user-generated content includes variable rate prescriptions, notes, recordings, photographs,
Page 1 of 7
Public

PDFs and other file types. We store, share, and use this content only to support you and to comply with court
orders and legal or regulatory requirements.
Please refer to the applicable privacy statements linked above for further information about how we process your
personal information when you use that service, or by contacting us. [note 5]

Page 2 of 7
Public

YOU CONTROL WHO SEES YOUR DATA
Here are your options for controlling your account information when you use John Deere’s Data Services:
SHARING
You may share and disclose data in the John Deere Operations Center and other connected portals and apps. By
setting permissions for your account, you control other parties’ access and visibility into your data. You also control
which John Deere dealers have access to data in your account. [note 1] Please note that when you share your
information with someone other than John Deere, the recipient may decide to copy, use, modify, or distribute it to
others, and John Deere has no control over, or responsibility for, any such activities.
MANAGING
You may view, analyze, and manage most data in your account through the John Deere Operations Center,
Dashboard, and MyJohnDeere portals.
EXPORTING
You may download and export files from the John Deere Operations Center and Dashboard.
DELETING, UPDATING, AND AMENDING
You may request that we delete, update, or amend data in your account. We will make every reasonable effort to
honor your request promptly and in accordance with applicable data protection laws or inform you if we require
further information to fulfill your request. Please note that deleting data may limit our ability to support you and,
in some cases, may result in you no longer being able to use the applicable Data Services and – subject to any
applicable privacy laws – we may retain certain basic information where necessary for our record keeping
purposes. Please review the terms and privacy statements of applicable Data Services for further information.
[note 2]

HOW WE USE YOUR DATA

TO SERVE YOU
•

We use your data, including your personal information, to provide you with contracted services and
offerings and to administer your account. You can learn more about how we use your personal
information, including the legal basis for using any personal information, in the John Deere privacy
statements for the applicable Data Service (linked above) or by contacting us. [note 5]

•

We may share your data with John Deere affiliates and suppliers to provide you with contracted services
and offerings and to administer your account, subject to appropriate contractual restrictions and
security measures. These affiliates and suppliers have committed to protect your data consistent with
this statement and all applicable privacy and other laws. [note 4]

•

We may share your data with authorized John Deere dealers so they can support you, unless you
explicitly restrict access to specific dealers. [note 1]

TO LEARN FROM YOU
•

We may use your data to evaluate your use of our Data Services to assist with our development of new
products and services, and to make improvements to our existing products and services depending on
Page 3 of 7
Public

the privacy regulations applicable in the country where you are located. For example, analyzing your
data may spotlight trends that inform our product support and development, warranty services, and
diagnostic or prognostic activities. You can learn more about when and how we use your personal
information, including the legal basis for using any personal information, in the John Deere privacy
statements for the applicable Data Service (linked above) or by contacting us. [note 5]
•

We may combine your anonymized data with data from others and include your data in anonymized
data sets. We may also share in aggregate, statistical form, non-personal information with our partners,
affiliates or advisors.

•

We may use your data to prepare routine reports to industry associations, such as reports on market
share or network activity and security.

TO MARKET TO YOU
•

We may use your data to market products and services to you, targeting offerings to match your activity,
interests, and location in accordance with applicable data privacy laws. We will communicate with you
only according to the preferences you set for your account or where necessary according to your explicit
consent. [note 3]

•

In accordance with the preferences you set for your account or your consent given, we may share your
data with John Deere dealers so they can market products and services to you, targeting offerings to
match your activity if you provide any applicable consent. [notes 1, 3]

TO COMPLY WITH THE LAW
•

We share your data as required by applicable laws, including data privacy and consumer protection laws.
Our privacy statements are linked above.

•

We may review and disclose your data to comply with court orders and legal or regulatory
requirements; to prevent injury, death, losses, fraud or abuse; to protect John Deere’s rights or to
defend John Deere in legal proceedings; and to comply with requests from you. We may transfer your
data as part of a transfer or sale of business assets.

HOW WE PROTECT AND MAINTAIN YOUR DATA
SAFEGUARDING
We have implemented and maintain appropriate technical and organisational security measures, policies and
procedures designed to reduce the risk of accidental destruction or loss, or the unauthorised disclosure or access
to such information appropriate to the nature of the information concerned. Measures we take include placing
confidentiality requirements on our staff members and service providers; and destroying or permanently
anonymizing personal information if it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected. As the
security of information depends in part on the security of the computer you use to use our services and the
security you use to protect user IDs and passwords please take appropriate measures to protect this information.
STORING AND TRANSFER
We store most information about you in computer systems and databases operated by either us or our external
service providers.
John Deere operates on a global basis. Accordingly, your information may be transferred and stored in countries
around the world that are subject to different standards of data protection, including the EU, the United States of
America, Brazil, and other countries where John Deere has offices or authorized dealers. When we transfer your
Page 4 of 7
Public

personal information to other countries, we will take appropriate steps to ensure that transfers of personal
information are in accordance with applicable law and carefully managed to protect your privacy rights and
interests. You may contact us for more information about the safeguards we have put in place to ensure the
adequate protection of your information when it is transferred. [note 5]
RETENTION
We will store your personal information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was
collected. In some circumstances we may store your personal information for longer periods of time, for instance
where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax, accounting requirements. In specific
circumstances we may store your personal information for longer periods of time so that we have an accurate
record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or if we reasonably believe there is a
prospect of litigation relating to your personal information or dealings.
After expiration of any applicable Data Service contract, we may delete data at our discretion and subject to
requirements in any applicable privacy, consumer protection, or other laws.
RIGHTS
Subject to certain exemptions and depending on your location, and in some cases dependent upon the processing
activity John Deere is undertaking, you have certain rights in relation to your personal information, including the
right to request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information or restriction of processing
concerning you, or to object to processing, as well as the right to data portability. You may also have the right to
lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us. Subject to legal and other permissible considerations, we will make
every reasonable effort to honour your request promptly or inform you if we require further information to fulfil
your request. [note 5]
You may contact us using the contact information provided in the applicable privacy notice, linked above.

NOTES
1

RESTRICTING DEALER ACCESS TO MACHINES
ServiceADVISOR Remote is a tool that enables dealers to support your machines. To remove dealer access
to machines in your account you must remove ServiceADVISOR Remote access for each machine from the
Terminal Settings tab in the Operations Center or JDLink Dashboard.

2

DELETING, UPDATING, AMENDING DATA
You may request deletion, updates, or amendment of data email by completing our online form, or via the
contact information shown under note 7 below. To understand how deletion may impact or terminate any
John Deere Data Services see www.JohnDeere.com/agreements. To understand your rights with respect to
any personal information, see our privacy statements linked above.

3

MARKETING PREFERENCES
Email PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com for information about your marketing preferences or to change
them.

4

ACCESS TO AFFILIATES
All references to “We” in this statement include Deere & Company and its subsidiaries. You may have
granted John Deere Financial certain rights to access machine data about your equipment in your financing
or lease documents, including the location, maintenance, operation and condition of your equipment. If
permitted by your finance or lease agreement, John Deere Financial may continue to access machine data
about your equipment during the term of the financing or lease agreement notwithstanding any election
Page 5 of 7
Public

you may make. This could include reinstating machine data access if turned-off or otherwise disabled.
Please review your finance or lease documents for more information.
5
